Yes, it's the Olympic Poetry Conference at Yunting Hotel
Lin Jianguo, you are poor
I didn't expect you to be so shameless
I don't care where you got it.
My son Aotian is on the Olympic shortlist
immediately
I'm going to Yunting Hotel to participate in the Olympic Pledge Conference
I advise you.
Get rid of the idea
I absolutely do not allow it
You and Lin Wenwen, that trash
To defile Aotian
Olympic Pledge Conference
Yes, I don't know.
Your stepson, Cheng Tian, is also participating in the Olympics
Implementation Conference
In fact, I'm calling this time to tell you Wenwen
He broke the world record
I want to call you back
Are you happy?
Besides, my daughter has grown up now
It's time for you to move around
Lin Jianguo, did you two take the wrong medicine?
If you take the wrong medicine, you should wash your stomach.
By the way, you can go to the neurology department again.
Go and have a good look.
I don't want to be with Lin Wenwen either
Walking around this junkyard
I don't care
It's okay, don't bother me.
I might as well spend time with my son
Chen Aotian is just your disciple
You smell the meat that falls off your body.
You say that about him?
Does your conscience not hurt?